The software development vendor will train states on the NAC system by presenting clear, easy-to-understand webinars and developing user guides and other technical guidance documents to prepare states to onboard to the NAC system and when new features are added. The contractor will create recorded webinars that may be accessed by state agencies as needed and will create updated versions when needed to address changes in design or processes.  

FNS is responsible for providing NAC policy training to state agencies. The contractor will work with FNS as needed to develop and provide integrated NAC policy and NAC system training and documents, such as a NAC State Onboarding Kit and Checklist to assist state agencies as they work toward implementation. The kit will help states plan for implementation and integration of the NAC technical solution, update business processes to support NAC usage in line with regulatory requirements, and train state agency workers.

Because state agencies will be transitioning into the NAC over time, providing quality training will be a high priority for the first several years after launch. FNS anticipates that the contractor will need to provide live webinars initially at launch in FY 2022, and at least quarterly, starting in FY 2023, to ensure states have an opportunity to ask questions. The content of the webinars and any related documentation should be updated as needed to reflect common questions and concerns presented by states and any meaningful changes to the system or processes since the prior session.   

The software development team is responsible for training states, however, the Help Desk vendor is expected to provide support and data (such as analysis of common user issues) to help the software development team focus on common user trouble areas as requested.
